AAPL
Apple's DEI defense, Nvidia's earnings beat, and Amazon's quantum chip: Tech news roundup
2025-03-01T14:00:00.000Z
In This Article:    AAPL   +1.91%    NVDA   +3.97%    AMZN   +1.70%    MSFT   +1.14%       Photo: Michael Nagle/Bloomberg (Getty Images), Michael Nagle/Bloomberg (Getty Images), Annabelle Chih/Bloomberg (Getty Images), Justin Sullivan (Getty Images), Image: AWS   Apple shareholders just rejected a proposal to end DEI efforts   Apple - Photo: Michael Nagle/Bloomberg (Getty Images)   Apple (AAPL) shareholders on Tuesday voted to keep the iPhone maker’s diversity policies, shutting down a conservative think tank’s proposal. The technology giant had defended its diversity, equity, and inclusion (DEI) practices ahead of its annual meeting. In a prepared statement, Apple cited its established compliance program and a desire to create a “culture of belonging where everyone can do their best work.” Read More Apple will invest $500 billion in the U.S. with a focus on AI   Photo: Getty (Getty Images)   Apple (AAPL) said Monday that it will invest $500 billion in the United States over the next four years, with a focus on supporting domestic manufacturing and artificial intelligence. Read More Nvidia beats earnings expectations on Blackwell AI chip demand   Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang in Taipei on June 2, 2024. - Photo: Annabelle Chih/Bloomberg (Getty Images)   Nvidia’s (NVDA) revenue and outlook topped analysts’ expectations, driven by demand for its new Blackwell chips. The stock fluctuated in after-hours trading after closing up 3.7%. Read More Google, Microsoft, and now Amazon: The quantum computing race is heating up   Amazon Web Services’ first-generation quantum chip, Ocelot, developed by the AWS Center for Quantum Computing in Pasadena, California. - Image: AWS   Amazon (AMZN) Web Services has unveiled its first-ever quantum computing chip that it said is a step toward building practical quantum computers at scale. Read More Just 3 of Nvidia’s customers made up more than 30% of its revenue last year kinjavideo-197489 Nvidia (NVDA) finished the fiscal year by delivering record revenue and outlook above expectations for the fourth quarter — and more than doubling its full-year revenue from the previous year. Read More Microsoft is canceling data center leases, analysts say — and the stock slips   Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella at OpenAI DevDay on November 6, 2023 in San Francisco, California. - Photo: Justin Sullivan (Getty Images)   Microsoft (MSFT) shares fell slightly on Monday following an analyst report that the company canceled some U.S. data center leases, potentially signaling an oversupply of AI infrastructure. Read More Nvidia’s record earnings reveal just 3 customers make up 30% of revenue kinjavideo-197489 Although the chipmaker will not disclose the companies, its top customers could likely include Alphabet, Amazon, Meta, Microsoft, and Tesla Apple’s $500 billion bet on America: AI, factories, and thousands of jobs kinjavideo-197484 “We are bullish on the future of American innovation,” Apple CEO Tim Cook said For the latest news, Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.  View Comments  